[AFFIRM-3] Update documentation (#17)
vtex-apps/affirm-payment: docs/README.md

This is a payment authorization app for the Affirm payment method (financing with monthly payments).

> NOTE: Currently we do not support a marketplace situation, where the seller processes the payment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ _Currently Affirm cannot be used in a marketplace scenario where the seller processes the payment. In marketplace scenarios, the marketplace itself must process the payment._
```

Author: This has been addressed in the following commit.
